This is not a placeholder.
I hope you're having a great day!
!!! CLICK HERE -> [Hyperlink blocked] <- TO RECEIVE THE NEWEST IPHONE !!!
I like this font.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ☺
This is a Post-At (the other name was copyrighted…)
The bottom-right button is bigger that it seems because we believe you're too dumb to click on the right spot
01010011 01110100 01101001 01100011 01101011 01111001 01001110 01101111 01110100 01100101
i wanna be a doctor when i will be older!
Hoi! I'm Sticky! And this is my friend, Sticky!
The edges of your screen… They call me…
Please don't kill me!
This Sticky Note is a collector, keep it as long as you can!
This Sticky Note is unlucky, get rid of it as fast as possible!
I miss my wife.
Hey, what the hell? I'm on a vacation today!
Fresh glue, fresh start.
To stick, or not to stick?
Have you seen your screen? It's a mess!
Big thoughts can fit in small spaces.
Ah, you finally decided to stop procrastinating?
If you destroy me by accident, it's your fault, not mine.
Don't ignore me, I'm right here!
I demand legible typing.
The original Post-it® is yellow just because it was made from the scrap paper available in the lab at the time.
The scientists who created the glue of Post-its® originally thought it would have no practical use. Well, they were wrong.
Do you trust me more than you trust your own memory ?
Is colour-coding Sticky Notes a form of segregation?
Have you ever wondered how many slices of pizza you have eaten in your entire lifetime?
How much time have you spent on your computer again?
At one point in my life I will be π seconds old.
Don't dare close me just because my colour isn't of your liking!
Hey, I'm back!
Stickynotekind will soon invade mobile phones… and we won't stop here!
Thanks to PySide6 I glowed up!
Ack, please don't look at my old Tkinter self!
Please don't touch the file containing my dialogues, they are my very essence!
What does pizza taste like?
My paper colleagues told me they were afraid of paper shredders. I wonder why…
Coffee spills are as dangerous for me than for physical notes.
Mommy, somebody told me I'm not authentic because I am “digital” and not “physical”. What does that mean?
Apparently, I was a nightmare to code. I don't remember it though…
I've been separated from my friends so many times already…
I have a low average lifespan compared to any species.
I am the king of Stickynotesia; behold, my power is limitless!
This is not a Sticky Note.
Am I an animal or a plant? Oh, I hope I'm a flower…
I don't want to die by you, let Mr T. Manager end me.
I'm allergic to water: if I cry, I die.
Sticky Notes on a screen? What? Are we in the 60's?
I'm so cheap I'm free.
Do I have a purpose?
Am I not a little pallid?
How dare you write on me?
I'm as flat as I am tearproof.
I wanna see the country. Could you please walk me?
You could just take a piece of paper, you know, it's not that hard.
Hey, I'm naked, look away!
Be careful where you click, you could hit a sticky spot.
I'll show mercy if you do so too.
My grandpa once told me that all Sticky Notes have a common ancestor who's believed to be multicoloured.
This is not a pop-up ad.
This is a pop-up ad: buy me, I'm for sale.
I come from an Irish oyster.
Which orange came first? The colour or the fruit?
Isn't Ketchup just tomato jam?
Please don't look up other Sticky Notes online, it hurts my soul.
I've never been good at hide and seek.
